this is the first French class we have
the gas filled trucks what we call them
as a veer shocks are basically gasping
he called them as NOx and this is the
first it's like 100 cc class normally
gas shocks are higher power because we
have brought it to the hundred cc
essentially that the comfort is also
important to the computing customer the
second feature is engine is for wall
rated the twin spark for world engine
which will down 10.2 has power of BS
what and also a lower mileage of on the
road between seventy plus we say a
standard thing test mileage will be
around eighty seven point three
that's one of the major features another
important feature is the glamour or
custom in this category the PC battle-ax
it's a flicker field essentially these
vehicles and under CC they would like to
have an easy pickle system it's not very
safe in the nights also when the speeds
are long your headlamp starts dimming so
you don't see the roads properly the PC
flicker-free headlamp gives you that
power consistently at whatever throttle
that's one of the major
so overall if you think the smaller
engine has a certain power which is
unique in its class the vehicle has the
suspension which is gasping electrical
systems are DC flicker-free headlamps
and these are some very important
features 400cc cos therefore we call it
ultimate in short we say it is a product
which is an expected mileage for 160
that's 87.3 an unexpected power in this
segment powers are normally ranging
between seven to seven point two PS
whereas we are talking of ten point two
peaks that's the special